The macro chapter needs hygiene :P (#683)
rust-lang/rustc-dev-guide: src/macro-expansion.md

[base]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/nightly/nightly-rustc/rustc_expand/base/index.html
[cfg]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/nightly/nightly-rustc/rustc_expand/config/index.html

## Expansion and AST Integration

First of all, expansion happens at the crate level. Given a raw source code for
a crate, the compiler will produce a massive AST with all macros expanded, all
modules inlined, etc.

The primary entry point for this process is the
[`MacroExpander::fully_expand_fragment`][fef] method. Usually, we run this
method on a whole crate. If it is not run on a full crate, it means we are
doing _eager macro expansion_. Eager expansion means that we expand the
arguments of a macro invocation before the macro invocation itself. This is
implemented only for a few special built-in macros that expect literals (it's
not a generally available feature of Rust).
As an example, consider the following:

```rust,ignore
macro bar($i: ident) { $i }
macro foo($i: ident) { $i }

foo!(bar!(baz));
```

A lazy expansion would expand `foo!` first. An eager expansion would expand
`bar!` first. Implementing eager expansion more generally would be challenging,

> but we implement it for a few special built-in macros for the sake of user

Author: My understanding is that because they only take literals, expanding early produces better UX (but tbh, I don't know how off the top of my head).

I tried to reword to make that a bit clearer.

experimental) `macro` macros have stronger hygiene than the older MBE system,
but this can result in weird interactions between the two. The hack is intended
to make things "just work" for now.

[hack]: https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/pull/51762#issuecomment-401400732

### The Call-site Hierarchy

The third and final hierarchy tracks the location of macro invocations.

In this hierarchy [`ExpnData::call_site`][callsite] is the child -> parent link.

[callsite]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/nightly/nightly-rustc/rustc_span/hygiene/struct.ExpnData.html#structfield.call_site

Here is an example:

```rust,ignore
macro bar($i: ident) { $i }
macro foo($i: ident) { $i }

foo!(bar!(baz));
```

For the `baz` AST node in the final output, the first hierarchy is `ROOT ->
id(foo) -> id(bar) -> baz`, while the third hierarchy is `ROOT -> baz`.

### Macro Backtraces

Macro backtraces are implemented in [`rustc_span`] using the hygiene machinery
in [`rustc_span::hygiene`][hy].

[`rustc_span`]: https://doc.rust-lang.org/nightly/nightly-rustc/rustc_span/index.html

## Producing Macro Output

Above, we saw how the output of a macro is integrated into the AST for a crate,

> and we also saw how th e hygiene data for a crate is generated. But how do we

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and we also saw how the hygiene data for a crate is generated. But how do we
```
